[MUSIC PLAYING]
SURMA: We all have used event
listeners, and many of you
have probably
encountered a scenario
where you are
waiting for an event
before you can continue to work.
In that scenario, you are no
longer interested in that event
after the first one has arrived.
Traditionally, you would
create a name to local function
so you can call
addEventListener, and then
also call removeEventListener
once the first event has fired.
This way, your callback
will only be executed once.
But because this is
such a common pattern,
the addEventListener function
now has a once option.
Set the once option to true, and
your event listener will only
be executed, well, once.
You don't need to worry
about the cleanup,
because that is done for you.
Neat.
Short and to the point.
That's a Micro Tip.
And there's more
where that came from.
So if you like this, you should
subscribe to the channel,
and you can look forward to more
Supercharged every Thursday.